[CI:DOCS] Remove 'you' from man pages (#16751)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/options/network.md

        host, using the loopback interface instead of the tap interface for improved
        performance

>     NOTE: For backward compatibility reasons, Podman will use networks named `pasta` instead of the pasta mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    NOTE: For backward compatibility reasons, if a network named `pasta` exists on the container, Podman will use it instead of the pasta mode.
```
